Form: add a note to validationRules (#6410)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Components/dxForm/5 Item Types/SimpleItem/validationRules.md

    href: "https://js.devexpress.com/Demos/WidgetsGallery/Demo/Form/Validation/"
}

> [note] If you use a [template](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxForm/Item_Types/SimpleItem/#template), you need to explicitly define **Validator**. Refer to the [template](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxForm/Item_Types/SimpleItem/#template) API section to learn more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[note] If you use a [template](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxForm/Item_Types/SimpleItem/#template), you need to explicitly define **Validator**. Refer to the [template](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxForm/Item_Types/SimpleItem/#template) API section for more information.
```
